h1. ProtoCloud

ProtoCloud is a Prototype-based tag cloud control.

h2. "Example":http://www.tfluehr.com/projects/ProtoCloud/demo/demo.htm

h2. Compatibility

ProtoCloud has been tested and is known to work in the following browsers:

* Firefox 3
* Internet Explorer 8
* Chrome 4
* Safari 4

h2. Usage


h3. Options

ProtoCloud takes a number of options that you can use to modify its behavior:

Option name is in *bold*, default value is in _italics_

* *dataAttributes* - Object with three properties specifying data attributes
** *count*: _'count'_
*** Key name for the count/rank attribute in the data
** *tag*: _'name'_
*** Key name for the label/name attribute in the data
** *slug*: _'slug'_
*** Key name for the slug attribute in the data
* *useEffects*: _true_
** set to _false_ to disable all effects when showing the tag cloud
* *effects* - Object with three properties specifying what effects to use when showing the tag cloud
** *position*: _true_
*** move tags from the center to their final location
** *color*: _true_
*** transitions color from baseColor to the tag's final color
** *opacity*: _false_
*** fades in the tag from invisible to fully visible
*** _false_ by default because IE has some display issues with opague text where it doesn't look quite right.
* *minFontSize*: _100_
** minimum font size in percent for tags
* *maxFontSize*: _300_
** maximum font size in percent for tags
* *minColorScale*: _1_
** minimum amount to scale color for tags
*** < 1 will darken color
*** > 1 will lighten color
* *maxColorScale*: _5_
** maximum amount to scale color for tags
*** < 1 will darken color
*** > 1 will lighten color
* *scaleColor*: _true_
** set to _false_ to disable color scaling of tags (all tags will be base color)
* *className*: _'ProtoCloud'_
** css class name to add to the div that contains the tag cloud
** not used by the cloud component itself but added to make styling of clouds easier.
* *baseColor*: _'#??????'_
** base color to use for tag colors and color scaling
** the default is the css color of the cloud's div container
* *tagForSlug*: _false_
** if _true_ and *dataAttributes.slug* is undefined on a tag then *dataAttributes.tag* will be substituted in the *hrefTemplate* 
* *hrefTemplate*: _new Template('javascript:alert("name: #{name}, count: #{count}, slug: #{slug}, ");')_
** Prototype template used for building the href of the individual tags. 
* *linkAttributes*: _false_
** can be set to a function for building additional element attributes to be added to the tag links
** specify as an object of key/value pairs.  the function will receive the tagData as it's parameter
* *showTooltip*: _true_
** add a title attribute (for showing the browser tooltips) to the link containing the tag and count
* *showCount*: _false_
** show the count/rank with the tag in the cloud
* *isHref*: _false_
** set to _true_ if the *dataAttributes.slug* property will contain the full contents for the tag link href
** *hrefTemplate* will not be used if this is set to true
* *fitToTarget*: _false_
** set to _true_ to remove the lowest ranked tags that do not fit in the initial dimentions of the container div
** depending on the data set this may cause the smallest item to be larger then minFontSize
* *data*: _[]_
** array of objects to use for each tag


h3. Callbacks


h2. Examples


h2. Authors

Written by "Tim Fluehr":http://github.com/tfluehr - "tfluehr.com":http://www.tfluehr.com/

h3. Credits

